Some editorial suggestions (#459)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

- Issuer key: Keying material that can be used with an issuance protocol
to create a signed token.

- Token challenge: A request for tokens sent from an origin to a client, using
the "WWW-Authenticate" HTTP header field. This challenge identifies a specific

> token issuer and issuance protocol. Token challenges optionally include
> identifier for one or both of: a redemption context (see
> {{context-construction}}), and the origin. These optional identifiers are then
> be bound to the token that is issued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
token issuer and issuance protocol. Token challenges optionally include
one or both of: a redemption context (see {{context-construction}}), and
a list of associated origins. These optional values are then
be bound to the token that is issued.
```
